hey guys this is 586 showing you how I
make some more money well first you go
down in the Barbarian security thing and
you come to the next level and you kill
these but I actually I'm like four ways
to making money you see money and you
got chilies and you get herbs like
radars stuff and off and here's my other
way hold on I don't know okay well i am
doing this quick trivia all I have this
one because my friends show me Apple
medalist he said ah um you go to Canopus
when you buy chickens and you get over
1k and then you take it back and you
sell it at the grand exchange take it
back and then you sell it at the grand
exchange and then all four like and
you'll get lots of money so yeah Anna
ohio's lab some other ways I'm about to
show you my computer's deep slow as
usual
oh yeah i like to say to i'm making a
hero 3 clan anyone likes to join send me
and fret up my thing will be gamertag
will be a potato me I don't know why I'm
just picking a name and I got a bunch of
rules from those uh crawlers and then
you sell them and you get like iron ore
and you pick up everything that gives
you and then I you store it and you keep
going back and back stupid computers
just being slow are we get a connection
they also got pretty good stuff yeah and
you keep thinking about your aw crud
God my Pinkel and then God dang and then
you grab and already tele you know and
then oh you grab your aunt Ellie and you
go to AA you go to the general shop
where they sell water sales and you buy
up hola hola and you trade this guy
and you buy a value of water and there
and there and you buy them at the
general store for an RT for 1080p and
then at the grand exchange they sound
like 80 or 90 so it's pretty good and I
have to or otherwise still on and then
you go back and bake them and keep doing
that do you get like 1k and it's like
100k humping eat and then you are grab
your silver sickle be but you have to
also be in nature then decor fit and you
find some logs but I know lots of Lamar
and cannabis and you click operate and
then you throw sprinkles but this also
you know so need prayer and uh you can
raise like I got it I got setting i got
like 3k so it's awesome and then my last
one is I'm not going to show you where
it is go to port sarim and then by I am
Utes Brady or like same prices chickens
or something in the general store and
then you so much grand exchange like a
heat
that's my way of making money